=== COMPLETE PDF DOCUMENT CONTENT ===

--- Page 1 ---
MAHDI ABDELHEDI
Tunis, Aouina
mahdi.abdelhedi@msb.tn
B U S I N E S S , D A T A & R P A
52920222
C O N S U L T A N T
1 Year CIVP
EDUCATION
PROFILE
2024 - Present | Bachelor in Computer Science
Hardworking, motivated, and a fast learner, I have built strong technical
Engineering
and business skills through hands-on experience and continuous learning.
ESPRIT | cole sup prive d'ingnierie et de
Currently pursuing a degree in computer science, I am well-equipped to
technologies
help organizations streamline operations and drive digital transformation.
2020- 2022 | Master in Business Analytics and Big
Constantly seeking new challenges, I am committed to enhancing my skills
data (AMBA Accreditation . London UK)
and bridging the gap between business and technology
EXPERIENCES Mediterranean School of Business (MSB) | South
Mediterranean University (SMU)
Data Analyst July 2024 - Present 2017-2020 | License in Business Administration
Parenin (Caterpillar , Atlas Copco , John Deere, Good Year , Grove) International School of Business
Conduct advanced analytics for Marketing, including customer segmentation and sales forecasting, to identify
SKILLS
growth opportunities and tailor strategies.
Perform Financial Analysis, focusing on liquidity and solvency assessments to inform fiscal planning and risk
management.
Optimize operational efficiency through Inventory Management and other process improvement initiatives. Communication and leadership Skills
Collaborate with Digital Marketing teams to design and monitor e-commerce platforms, websites, and social media
Analytical and conceptual skills
analytics, ensuring effective performance tracking and insights generation.
Work closely with Sales Teams to analyze commercial performance, including market and aftermarket activities, to Project & Operation Management
enhance revenue streams.
Process and analyze market data from diverse sources to uncover trends and inform strategic decisions. Data, Statistical, Business and Financial
Develop and deliver impactful deliverables such as dashboards, study reports, and other analytical outputs.
Create and implement automation workflows to ensure data quality, accuracy, and reliability. Analysis
Participate in crafting comprehensive marketing plans by integrating cross-departmental insights. Predictive and Descriptive modeling
Skills: Python, Statistics , Machine learning, Power BI, ERP, CRM , Excel, Management, and business strategy Python, .NET, C
SGBD (SQL , PL / SQL)
Quant analyst | ALM-Treasury Analyst January 2024 - May 2024
Excel (Advanced), Microsoft PowerBI,
UBCI
Tableau
Conducted studies and data science projects focusing on liquidity risk (DAV, DAT), money market risk (TND to
EURO/USD), and customer segmentation to support strategic decision-making. ETL: SSIS, SSAS
Contributed to the establishment, evolution, configuration, and maintenance of financial databases for the
RPA: UiPath, Power Automate, Captos
Finance department, ensuring data reliability and accessibility.
Calculated and monitored results of Asset and Liability Management (ALM) - Treasury, optimizing risk and return. ERP: SAP (BO) , Sage X3 , Financial ERP
Tracked benchmark market indices and macro/microeconomic data to identify trends, anticipate market
developments, and inform financial strategies. Business Process Modelling (Bizagi)
Project management tolls : Jira , Trello
Skills: Python, Statistics (Stochastique calculus, Stress testing ...) ,Machine learning, Excel (VBA) ,SAP , Finance , Risk
Management and business strategy
Consultant Technico-Fonctionnel |BI Consultant Jully 2023 - November 2023 CERTIFICATES
UniQ Soft Technology
Customized and developed financial reports tailored to client needs.
Collaborated with a team to design and implement an accounting data analytics application, enhancing data-driven
decision-making.
Developed an ETL automation process to streamline data integration and transformation.
Google Project Management:
Delivered presentations and demonstrations of the application to the client, ensuring successful adoption.
Authored comprehensive technical and functional documentation (FSD, STD) and provided both internal and
external training sessions. Professional Certificate
Designed and executed functional, technical, and performance tests to ensure application reliability and efficiency.
Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Client: Arab Tunisian Bank (ATB)
Skills: SSIS, Microsoft Power BI, SQL, Python, Django ,ERP, Excel, Consolidation, Financial Accounting, and Regulatory
Specialization | UiPath
Reporting
RPA Consultant September 2022 - February 2023 SQL for Data Science | University of
Yperflow
California, Davis
Helped organizations to design, develop, test, and implement process automation using RPA
software
Machine Learning with Python | IBM
Improvement and modeling of business processes. Technical design and documentation.
indsutries : accounting , Finance and energy
Excel skills for business | Macquarie
Skills: Process Automation, Python,REST API , HTTP, HTML, CSS, Excel, VBA, NLTK, XML, JSON,
University
Captos, UiPath
Data Analyst (Intern) | BIAT February 2022 - June 2022
LANGUAGES
Develop an algorithm for predicting customers based on their behaviors and characteristics
Analysis and use of data from former bank customers to identify a correlation between their
behavior and their decision to leave/change bank (churn) English : Fluent
Develop a marketing strategy based on the obtained insights.
French: Advanced
Skills: Python, Machine learning , marketing , business strategy and Power BI Arabic ; Native

=== END OF DOCUMENT ===